Looks like it's just you and me in the same room tonight
Give me the key
Get it yourself
That's how you want me
You are the master of Great Xia
I am the sixth lady of Shangjing Jin's family
We also have a cute child
Anyone who sees it has to say a good match.
Xue Zhilong, let me go
Look at the whole summer
Only I can deserve you today
Didn't you listen to my dad?
We are above all others
Don't think you gave birth to a child for me
I can save you a meal
I may not be able to catch the eye for the gold award
What are you worried about?
The little star before
Aren't you all divorced?
Or do you have another woman?
Is there anyone around me who doesn't need you to know?
You just need to know that I'm not yours
Even if it's cold, you'll regret it